---
layout:     post
title:      Changes! Launching my own company
date:       2021-09-26 00:00
summary:    In this shitty year, good things can also happen. It has been full of really good personal and professional changes.
categories: Personal
---

I'm not discovering anything if I say that since March 2020, the world is a bit shitty. You know that. Everybody knows that. But a lot of good things can happen too, and I want to talk about that part.

Personally, this has been a year full of changes, probably the most important of my life. There were a lot of them, like I bought a flat, moved to an small village close to the beach in the north of Spain, so leaving Madrid after half a life, ... but no doubt the most important one is that I have been a father. This is huge life change, an amazing, pure, greatefull and lovely adventure. And paintful! Maybe more on this at a later date.

I left [CARTO](https://carto.com/) after 4 years, the first probably the best of my career. Then, I moved to a Brazilian startup for a few months to help them create the fundations of [the best car insurance company in latam](https://www.justos.com/). And finally, after a long time working on a side project, we were able to make it happen!

It's not the first time I have gone down this road, dedicating a lot of time from my personal life to create something that has my values and that I can consider as mine. But in this situation, the damn virus and personal situation make it even harder. This is why being able to make it real and also the way we have done it (more about that soon), makes me feel very proud.

I know this is just the beggining, that the fucking virus will be here for a long time, but I can only think that the best is yet to come.
