---
layout:     post
title:      An spanish team talking in English?
date:       2022-02-26 00:00
summary:    In Stomio, everyone talk in english, even in a meeting between 2 spanish people
categories: Personal
---

In the beginning, my teammate Ibra told me he thought we should talk in English all the time. Even more, all the company should do it and they will be happy with that.

To be honest, as usual, I was not sure about it. That sounded weird to me and could be understood as us pretending to be cool. In fact, when I explain that to some spanish friend, someone used to tell me that, or at least, I can see it in their faces they are thinking it :)

But for us, it was clear, there is a problem for every spanish person who did not live out of Spain in a country where English was the main language. We can have a "no bad" level because you studied it, more or less have a basic understanding, but when you are going to talk, you are not able to make it. Why? You did not do it before. Never. I don't want to talk about why it is happening to us, but this is a blocker for us.

So, the more we thought about it, the more sense it made. The best way of improving on something is by trying it. The more, the better. We will improve with the help of each other. Finally, we started Stomio talking in English. Not Spanish allowed.

In the beginning, it was weird talking with someone you know for years in a different language. Yes, that's true. But this is not a real problem, the second day we were used to it. And the learning is clear in the team. I received direct feedback from a teammate telling me he was having dinner with a friend and his English wife and he had finally been comfortable talking with them. And not only that, they had even told him that he had improved a lot. He was super proud of himself.

Hopefully, we will be a successful company, but if not, our teammates will be able to [work from a US company](https://twitter.com/levelsio/status/1496510397951938561). Their success is our success.
